# Sentiment-Analysis-on-Yelp-Reviews-using-BERT
Sentiment Analysis on Yelp Reviews using BERT
Sentiment analysis is the process of determining the emotional tone behind a series of words, used to gain an understanding of the attitudes, opinions and emotions expressed within an online mention. Sentiment analysis on social media acts as a way of monitoring the people as it allows us to gain an overview of the wider public opinion behind certain topics. The ability to extract insights from social data is a practice that is being widely adopted by organizations across the world. In fact, shifts in sentiment on social media have been shown to correlate with shifts in the stock market! Due to the importance of sentiment analysis on social media we decided to perform sentiment analysis on one of the popular social media websites that we have today -Yelp.  For this project the subset of the Yelp Reviews Dataset will be used which originally consists of ~8m reviews. The sentiment analysis will be done using BERT. I will also be experimenting with different hyperparameters and report the best result. I will be using the evaluation metrics- accuracy, f1-score, precision, recall and computational efficiency(time taken to run) to evaluate the performances of our model. When evaluating the sentiment (positive, negative) of a given text document, research shows that human analysts tend to agree around 80-85% of the time. This is the baseline we try to meet or beat when we’re training our sentiment scoring system 
